LD4PE CompIndex Editorial Board - Telecon 12 (Fri 2016-06-03)

* Agenda:   https://github.com/ld4pe/cieb/blob/master/calls/2016-06-03.cieb-agenda.md
* Previous: https://github.com/ld4pe/cieb/blob/master/calls/2016-05-13.cieb-notes.md
* Expected: Tom, Sean, Stuart, Debbie, Magnus, Kai.
* Time:     0600 SFO / 0900 NYC / 1500 BER
* WebEx:    @@@@
  * Meeting number: @@@@
  * Audio Connection +1-415-655-0001 US TOLL
  * Support: https://meetings.webex.com/collabs/#/support
  * Meeting password: This meeting does not require a password.

======================================================================
CIEB calls - Fridays at the usual time (see above)

* http://doodle.com/poll/np47qhu7tc6k46q6

  * June 24   - regrets: Debbie

* September/October - one or two final calls

======================================================================
Gaps and corrections

* http://tinyurl.com/ld4pe-competencies-may14
  
  I would like to walk through this latest printout on the call,
  making some corrections immediately and noting where there are 
  gaps to be filled.

======================================================================
GAP list

* Provenance (Kai)
* RDF data analytics?
* Finding RDF-based vocabularies - add a benchmark for LOV
* Creating and transforming RDF data - choices btw approaches to persistent identifiers
* Storing RDF data

  * SPARQL endpoints
  * Triple stores

* Non-RDF linked data (note the lowercase)

  * Topic Maps - Sam Oh?
  * Microdata - syntactically different from RDF
  * Graph databases, such as Neo4j.

======================================================================
ACTIONS

* Tom
  * propose approach using Github for long-term community-driven maintenance of
    CI, based on Schema.org
  * remind Tom Johnson to review Ruby competencies
  * write competencies about persistent identifers - check with John Kunze
  * competencies on topic maps (Sam)?

* Debbie
  * contact Ryan about competencies for "temporarily indexed data" (and
    looking at the CI in general), with a link to PERIODO work.
  * SPARQL endpoints and triple stores (will ask on their listserv)

* Stuart:
  * write Diane re: cleaning data
  * go back to Euclid project re: LD Application Architecture
  * SPARQL endpoints and triple stores (will ask Joseph Chapman)
  * ping Seth and Ruben (or Stuart flesh out from their webinars)
  * check whether http://explore.dublincore.net/comp-index/ will continue to be maintained

* Kai
  * write provenance competency about differentiating simple approach and
    representing the chain

* Sean:
  * contact Barry Norton and Elena Simperl, formerly of the EUCLID Project and
    currently teaching a Future Learn MOOC, "Introduction to Linked Data and
    the Semantic Web".

